PRIVACY POLICY: SOFT HEALTH APPLICATION

IMPORTANT – PLEASE READ CAREFULLY

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the privacy practices of Soft Five SE 
("Company", "we", "us", "our") for our Soft Health application ("Application",
"App", "Service"). By using our App, you agree to the practices outlined in 
this Policy.

1. ACCEPTANCE OF POLICY

By downloading, installing, accessing, or using the Soft Health App, you agree to this
Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, do not download, install, access,
or use the App.

2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT

The only personal information we collect through the Soft Health App is your 
username and password. This information is used solely to provide you with 
additional features within the App and to enhance your user experience.

3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

Your username and password are encrypted and stored locally on your device.
They are used exclusively to protect your privacy, authenticate your access to 
the Soft Health App and to unlock additional features. We do not have access 
to your username or password, and we do not use this information for any 
other purpose.

4. INFORMATION SECURITY

Your username and password are encrypted and stored securely on your own device.
We use industry-standard encryption techniques to ensure the security of your data.

5. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION

We do not share, sell, rent, or trade your personal information with any third
parties. We do not have access to your username or password, and we do not 
transmit this information over the internet or any other networks.

6. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of 
the Policy will govern our use of your information and will always be on the Soft
Health App. If we make a change to this Policy that, in our sole discretion, 
is material, we will notify you, for example, via an App update or email.
By continuing to access or use the Soft Health App after those changes become 
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 17/05/2023.

Soft Five SE